
### **Joy, Inc.** How We Built a Workplace People Love *(Richard Sheridan)*

#### Reaction:
Richard Sheridan has challenged almost everything that I thought "has to be this way" in the software development world. He has inspired me to want what he has created at Menlo for my own team. After reading this book I am no longer content with minor improvements made over long periods of time. I am convinced there is a better way, and it is within reach for all who are willing to take the steps towards finding it.
#### Favourite Quotes:
- <sub>"In my earliest moments of contemplating paired work... I had to fight every one of my managerial instincts. This was an incredibly inefficient way to organize humans, right? Isn't it more productive to have each person work separately? Aren't we paying two people to do one job? What I have learned is that pairing is one of the most potent managerial tools I have ever discovered because of all the traditional problems it helps solve. Pairing fosters a learning system, builds relationships, eliminates towers of knowledge, simplifies onboarding of new people, and flushes out performance issues." (Page 50)</sub>
- <sub>"Working in pairs doesn't mean that one person gets to slack off while another is glued to the keyboard. People who have just joined us leave at the end of an eight-hour day looking quite exhausted. When I ask them how their day was, they often say that they had a great day... but they are really tired. It's not that they've logged more hours at their desks at Menlo- it's just that they probably never worked even close to eight productive hours in an eight-hour day. (Page 53)</sub>
- <sub>*On why Menlo uses paper based project management tools:* "Uncomplicated tools that are easy to learn invite wider participation by all stakeholders." (Page 119)</sub>
- <sub>"Most organizations give lip service to 'Fail fast.' During early experiments when a team is testing their limits, it doesn't take much to crush their spirit, and then, suddenly, experiments become all about *being safe*, not taking small risks. In a *being safe* culture, people choose to run safe experiments that they know will succeed, effectively exhausting the energy behind a change initiative. This kind of practice is deadly to innovation." (Page 124)</sub>
- <sub>"In most companies, clients are ushered through a cube farm to a closed-door conference room where big decisions are made in private. These closed meeting rooms send a powerful message: if you're on the wrong side of the door, you don't have the authority to participate in this discussion. It says, 'You don't matter as much as I do.'" (Page 43)</sub>

[Back to Main Page](../README.md)
